Sweeping was not a big problem but sweeping fast and accurately was not that easy.
Counting 999.99s in a 32bit word allows a minimun resolution of 10탎. That was my starting point.
After some optimization, sending a command through SPI @18Mhz  takes 5.6탎. My goal was then to be able to update a new value (Freq, Amp, Offset or Duty) in less then 10탎, that is computing the next value in less than 4.4탎 where the original FY6600 updates values every 900탎...
 I had to face some more or less challenging problems, the biggests beeing:
- CPU has only 16bit counters
- with the standard C library a 64/32 bits division takes about 40탎 (at least one needed)
- with the standard C library the x^y function takes more than 100 탎 (one needed for logarithm  mode)
Plus the sweep parameters are not readable with the Feeltech protocol and the sweep functions in the PC Software were a pity so I had to rewrite them.
But it would have been too easy otherwise  >:D

So, as said, the sweeping time resolution is 10탎.
In sweeping mode, a new value can be sent every 9.2탎 in linear mode and every 12탎 in logarithmic mode.
Sync mode works well in sweeping mode with duty (add 5.6탎) but not so much with Frequency as the phase is not very stable at high frequencies.
I did not code Amplitude and Offset Sync in sweeping mode at the moment (with calibration values beeing different between channels , I can't send the same values for both channels, plus you can have different output limits between channels). May be later on if this is usefull.
I may also add later on calibration values for VCO IN.
I also wanted to add more diagnostic information on PC Software and modify init functions but this will be for the next time...
Also everything is ready for a sweeping function on channel 2. I will just need 2 more STM32 Timers that I prefer to have in spare for now.
I will now start the modulation module.
Any volonteer for an extensive quality check on the sweep module?
Thank you for your feedback!